



Network Working Group                                        S. Bellovin
Internet-Draft                                        AT&T Labs Research
Expires: October 3, 2003                                   April 1, 2003


                  The Security Flag in the IPv4 Header

Abstract

   Firewalls, packet filters, intrusion detection systems, and the like
   often have difficulty distinguishing between packets that have
   malicious intent and those that are merely unusual.  We define a
   security flag in the IPv4 header as a means of distinguishing the two
   cases.

Status of This Memo

   This Internet-Draft is submitted in full conformance with the
   provisions of BCP 78 and BCP 79.

   Internet-Drafts are working documents of the Internet Engineering
   Task Force (IETF).  Note that other groups may also distribute
   working documents as Internet-Drafts.  The list of current Internet-
   Drafts is at http://datatracker.ietf.org/drafts/current/.

   Internet-Drafts are draft documents valid for a maximum of six months
   and may be updated, replaced, or obsoleted by other documents at any
   time.  It is inappropriate to use Internet-Drafts as reference
   material or to cite them other than as "work in progress."

   This Internet-Draft will expire on October 3, 2003.

Copyright Notice

   Copyright (c) 2003 IETF Trust and the persons identified as the
   document authors.  All rights reserved.

   This document is subject to BCP 78 and the IETF Trust's Legal
   Provisions Relating to IETF Documents
   (http://trustee.ietf.org/license-info) in effect on the date of
   publication of this document.  Please review these documents
   carefully, as they describe your rights and restrictions with respect
   to this document.  Code Components extracted from this document must
   include Simplified BSD License text as described in Section 4.e of
   the Trust Legal Provisions and are provided without warranty as
   described in the Simplified BSD License.





Bellovin                 Expires October 3, 2003                [Page 1]

Internet-Draft    The Security Flag in the IPv4 Header        April 2003


1.

   Firewalls [CBR03], packet filters, intrusion detection systems, and
   the like often have difficulty distinguishing between packets that
   have malicious intent and those that are merely unusual.  The problem
   is that making such determinations is hard.  To solve this problem,
   we define a security flag, known as the "evil" bit, in the IPv4
   [RFC0791] header.  Benign packets have this bit set to 0; those that
   are used for an attack will have the bit set to 1.

2.

   The keywords

   ,

   ,

   ,

   ,

   ,

   ,

   ,

   ,

   , and

   , when they appear in this document, are to be interpreted as
   described in [RFC2119].

3.

   The high-order bit of the IP fragment offset field is the only unused
   bit in the IP header.  Accordingly, the selection of the bit position
   is not left to IANA.

   The bit field is laid out as follows:

Author's Address







Bellovin                 Expires October 3, 2003                [Page 2]

Internet-Draft    The Security Flag in the IPv4 Header        April 2003


   Steven M. Bellovin
   AT&T Labs Research
   180 Park Avenue
   Florham Park  NJ 07932

   Phone: +1 973-360-8656
   Email: bellovin@acm.org












































Bellovin                 Expires October 3, 2003                [Page 3]
