


Network Working Group                                          J. Schaad
Internet-Draft                                            March 23, 2013
Intended status: Informational
Expires: September 24, 2013


                            Sample Document
                       draft-schaad-sample-00.txt

Abstract

   TBD

Status of this Memo

   This Internet-Draft is submitted in full conformance with the
   provisions of BCP 78 and BCP 79.

   Internet-Drafts are working documents of the Internet Engineering
   Task Force (IETF).  Note that other groups may also distribute
   working documents as Internet-Drafts.  The list of current Internet-
   Drafts is at http://datatracker.ietf.org/drafts/current/.

   Internet-Drafts are draft documents valid for a maximum of six months
   and may be updated, replaced, or obsoleted by other documents at any
   time.  It is inappropriate to use Internet-Drafts as reference
   material or to cite them other than as "work in progress."

   This Internet-Draft will expire on September 24, 2013.

Copyright Notice

   Copyright (c) 2013 IETF Trust and the persons identified as the
   document authors.  All rights reserved.

   This document is subject to BCP 78 and the IETF Trust's Legal
   Provisions Relating to IETF Documents
   (http://trustee.ietf.org/license-info) in effect on the date of
   publication of this document.  Please review these documents
   carefully, as they describe your rights and restrictions with respect
   to this document.  Code Components extracted from this document must
   include Simplified BSD License text as described in Section 4.e of
   the Trust Legal Provisions and are provided without warranty as
   described in the Simplified BSD License.







Schaad                 Expires September 24, 2013               [Page 1]

Internet-Draft               Sample Document                  March 2013


1.  Introduction

   THis is a sample text file.  Everything is in Section 1.

   THe TCL code generated this reference Paragraph 3.2.  But the Python
   version doesn't.

   THis is the list item

   1.  Step by Step.

   2.  Lots of small steps.

   3.  Complicated Step:

       A.  Nested step

       B.  and one more

































Schaad                 Expires September 24, 2013               [Page 2]

Internet-Draft               Sample Document                  March 2013


Author's Address

   Jim Schaad

   Email: ietf@augustcellars.com














































Schaad                 Expires September 24, 2013               [Page 3]

